rewrite all the documentation (#418)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/network-edge/edges.mdx

or API. When you make changes to your Edge's configuration by adding or
updating modules, your app doesn’t go offline. You never have to restart the
agent to pick up new command line flags or configuration files.

Edges enable you to:

- Enhance your endpoints with [Modules](#modules) using the dashboard or API
  without restarting the Agent.
- Centrally manage your module configurations in ngrok's cloud service. This
  decouples the configuration of module behavior on your endpoint from the agents
  where traffic is routed to.
- Load balance traffic to different ngrok agents
- Apply different configurations for each path in your application. For
  example, you may apply OAuth on `/app` and Compression on `/static/css`.
- Use the [Kubernetes Ingress Controller](/k8s/). The Ingress Controller is
  powered by Edges.

When you create an Edge, you must select the protocol corresponding to the
endpoints you would like it to create: one of HTTPS, TLS or TCP.

For additional detail on per-protocol Edge behavior, see:

- [HTTPS Edges](/http/#edges)
- [TLS Edges](/tls/#edges)
- [TCP Edges](/tcp/#edges)

## Modules

> Modules are middleware that enable you manipulate traffic to your applications.
> Modules enable to add authentication, resiliency, acceleration, transformation,
> security and observability to the traffic that transits through to your
> applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules are middleware that enable you to manipulate traffic to your applications.
Modules can provide authentication, resiliency, acceleration, transformation,
security and observability to the traffic that transits through to your
applications.
```
mostly avoiding redundant "enable" here. "traffic .. to your applications" is also a bit repetitive too though. 

In general, this section feels a little lightweight and abstract without any examples of modules here to round out the reader's understanding. I'd maybe recommend directing the reader to the protocol-specific edge pages to see what modules they offer, but that seems a bit repetitive with the few lines above this section. 🤷🏻‍♀️

## Backends

After traffic to an Edge has been processed by the Modules, it is sent to a
Backend. A Backend is also a Module, it is just the last Module to be handled
which determines where the traffic is sent to. There are multiple types of

> backends, each with different behaviors.

Reviewer: If Backends are a type of Module, it feels like the backends section should be nested under the modules section. However, I also wonder if it's necessary or helpful for the user to know that backends are modules or if it's just a technical detail about our data model that is just adding cognitive overhead for the reader.
